One two three, tap your feet
Such a classic melody
One two three, you know the words
So sing along with me!
One two three, motley scenes
Shining through the silver screen
One two three, dontcha think
This is how it ought to be?
Just another day, throw your cares away
And laugh hand-in-hand with me!
Just another day,
It’sjustanotherdayit’sjustanotherdayit's–
One two three, what’s the nicest thing you see?
It’s me!!!!!!!!!!
The world you know, always running to and fro
A frightful place to be
But don’t be scared, I’m not going anywhere!
So just don’t touch the dial and stay here awhile with me!
Panic! In static! Out-manic!
Don’t you find it all romantic, the way things used to be?
Classic, ecstatic, it’s magic
To trip the light fantastic, repeat it after me!
This is how it should be, in studio seats
My ego wired in the CRT
We can skip the sign-off
Ol' familiar scene, repeating
This is how it should be!
When you go,
Just don’t change the channel
I hope you won’t be long
After all
I want to be wanted
Is that so wrong?
Panic! In static! Out-manic!
Don’t you find it all romantic, the way things used to be?
Classic, ecstatic, it’s magic
To trip the light fantastic, repeat it after me!
This is how it should be, in studio seats
My ego wired in the CRT
We can skip the sign-off
Ol' familiar scene, repeating
This is how it should be!
This is how it should be, in studio seats
My ego wired in the CRT
We can skip the sign-off
Ol' familiar scene, repeating
This is how it should be!
This is how it should be.